What can I say? You've been there for me through everything. I know we fight, but every relationship has its ups and downs. I feel so comfortable with you. It's so easy to talk to you — I feel like I can tell you anything. I'm so proud to say you’re my best friend and my boyfriend — you mean the world to me. I love you so much!
I don’t even know how to tell you how much I love you. You’re the first thing I think of when I wake up and my last thought before I go to sleep. Everything I see reminds me of you and the things that we’ve shared together. Being with you has opened up my world and I feel like I see things differently now (in a good way). I know we fight sometimes, but I just wanted to tell you so you know for sure that I love you with everything I have. There is nothing left for anyone else. It’s just you, baby. I. Love. You.
From the moment I first saw you I knew that we were going to have something special. It was just how when we came together, we found ourselves in our own world. I feel like the words I say to you are so much more real than anything I’ve ever said to anyone else. You put color into my world. I feel like I’ve become a better person because of you, better able to love and care for other people in my life. You are so inspiring and it’s always too long until I see you again. I love you I love you I love you.
I can’t believe there was a time in my life when I didn’t have you. I can’t believe there were mornings where I didn’t wake up next to you. I can’t believe there were evenings where I didn’t kiss you goodnight. I can’t believe there were days where I didn’t think of you and jokes I didn’t share with you. You have become a part of me and who I am, and I am so thankful for it. I’m just as crazy about you today as I was when we first started dating, and every day I fall in love with you a little bit more. You mean so much to me sweetheart. I love you.
I love you so much. You are my world. Without you, I don't know what I would do. You are so amazing, and you do everything to make sure I'm taken care of. I couldn't ask for a better boyfriend. I love you with my entire heart and soul, babe. You're my Pooh Bear forever and nobody is changing my mind.
The only way you can beat my crazy was by doing something crazy yourself. Thank you. I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I’m sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck.

— Silver Linings Playbook
Five years ago today, we became boyfriend and girlfriend. Hands down, it’s been the best years of my life so far! We have grown together and you’ve made me the person I am today. I love you so much. Thank you for putting up with me.
You are the best thing that has happened to me. You are the most amazing guy in the world. You treat me the way a woman should be treated. You are the ground that I stand on, my knight in shining armor. I love you to the moon and back and then some. I could never ask for a more amazing boyfriend, because I have the best one already. I never want to go a day without you and I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life with you. I love you so much baby, forever and always.
I love you with all my heart. Together, we have created a beautiful world. Through many fights and plenty of hardships in the past years, we have been together, and we're still working to better our future as a couple. I'm always here for you baby! I love you!
I just wanted to say that you're amazing, baby, and even though we fight (all the time), it doesn't change a thing. You're sweet, caring, and funny. You know how to treat me right, and I couldn't ask for a better boyfriend. You need to stop thinking you're a bad boyfriend, because you're not. I love you boo, and I hope we can prove to people that no matter how much we fight, we're strong enough to stay together.
I can't believe that two years ago I started dating you, my wonderful boyfriend! It has been the best ever! I know we have had our fights over stupid stuff, but I really can't picture my life without you! You are truly my best friend. I love you so much.
Gosh, I love you so much! You are seriously my best friend! My rock! The sun to my cloudy day! My one true love! I don't know what I would do without you! I've been blessed with the best!

Source
Romantic Paragraphs to Send Your Boyfriend to Say "I Love You"
Maybe you got into a fight and need to apologize, maybe you're dating long-distance and just want a new way to say you miss him, or maybe you just want to wish him a good night in a cute way. No matter what the reason, here are some romantic paragraphs that you can send your boyfriend to tell him how you feel and make him smile.

Dear boyfriend, wow. What would I do without you? You’re the best thing that has ever happened to me. You make me smile every day. Even though we have our fights, I know we can work through anything. You help my family out so much. I love you with all my heart. One day I'm going to marry you, sweetheart. You're amazing.
The little things you say to me always put a smile on my face. You make me want to listen to love songs, you still give me butterflies, and you still make me speechless. I don't know how I got so lucky to have such an amazing person like you in my life. You're the best boyfriend anyone could have asked for. I am truly blessed. I love you to infinity and beyond.
You have always been my rock and inspiration. Honestly, I don’t know who I would be without you. You are all I want and hope to be, I love you unconditionally. When I was sad, you told me, “It doesn’t rain everyday." When I had lost all faith, you gave me a reason to hold on and be strong, I only hope that I can be half the amazing person that you are. I love you wholeheartedly and unconditionally. If anyone deserves a happy ending, it’s you. Thank you for always being my shoulder to cry on through the good and the bad. You are and forever will be my heart.
People ask me how we can stay in this long distance relationship for so long and I just smile. If they knew you, they wouldn’t ask. If they knew how amazing you are, how thoughtful, how funny, how kind, how handsome, how generous, how forgiving, how wonderful, how silly, how serious, how deep, how affectionate, how playful, how brilliant, how creative, how indescribable you are — they wouldn’t ask. I would be a fool to ever give up what we have. I would be a fool to think I could find someone like you anywhere else. You are the only you. And you are the only you for me. I am so happy that we’re together, even though the distance can get hard. It is so worth it. One day, we’ll be together, in the same place, and I’ll get to see your sweet smile and hold your beautiful face. Until then, I hope you know that I love you. I love you so much.
So it’s not gonna be easy. It’s gonna be really hard. We’re gonna have to work at this every day, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day.

— The Notebook
Hey baby — I was just thinking about you while I was on my way to work. You make me smile all the time, even when we’re not together. I just picture your face and your big bright eyes and I can’t help it. I can’t believe how lucky I am to be with you and how lucky we are that we met each other. I feel like there are so many signs in my life that show we are meant to be together. There are so many things about you that I love. I couldn’t name them all even if I tried. Each day that I get to know you, I learn more about how wonderful you are. I brag about you all the time to my friends and family and even though they might get sick of hearing about you, I never get sick of talking about you. I love you so much and can’t wait to get married. I hope you have a good night and that you sleep well.
Darling — I was trying to go to sleep last night but I couldn’t. I just kept looking out the window at the moon, wondering what you were thinking about, or dreaming about. I’m sorry about our fight. I know we’re going to work through this and that we’re going to be stronger because of it. You are such an amazing partner. I feel like I can tell you anything and I know you’ll never judge me for anything at all. Relationships can be hard sometimes, especially between us because we’re both such stubborn people. But even though we have our differences, I believe in us and believe that we can make this work. So I hope that right now, as you’re reading this message, you know that I love you and that I can’t wait until I see you again.
I was just thinking about you and wondering how you were so I thought I’d text you. Because the thing is — I think about you all the time. It doesn’t really matter what I’m doing, somewhere in my brain I’m playing a little movie of you. Somewhere in my brain I’m singing a song about you. I’m always planning the next time I’ll be able to see you and make you feel good. It’s always happening. I can’t help it. You’re my favorite song and my favorite book and my favorite movie. You’re just my favorite. So, my favorite — how are you?
One day, let’s go to Paris. Let’s walk down the Champs Elysees. We can walk by the river Seine and hold hands while we do. We’ll stop and you’ll kiss me and then we’ll walk some more. We’ll see famous artwork and eat a baguette. Maybe we’ll take a day trip to Versailles and pace the mirrored halls. After Paris, we’ll go to London, then maybe we’ll go to Spain. Walking, talking, adventuring — it’s all best done with you. I don’t know how you do it, but you make my life sparkle. I want to go everywhere with you. I love you.
Chin, eyes, cheeks, lips, eyelashes, eyebrows, forehead, nose — these are the pieces of your face. Separate, they’d look pretty weird. But when put together, they turn into someone very special. It’s just you. It’s just you. You don’t have to do anything — you are already amazing enough. I still don’t know how it is that I’ve been so blessed to find you, to have you, in my life. I know that as we get older we’ll grow and change with one another and I can’t wait to see what happens. You are my sweetums and I love you forever.
